device
cpu
disk
end

lan
lan1
lan2
end

host machine[4]
cpu count 1
cpu buffer 99999
cpu schedP fcfs
disk count 1
disk buffer 99999
disk schedP fcfs
end

link lk1 lan1 lan2
trans 10bps
mtu 256B
prop 2.3us
trans 10Mbps
end

task authenticate
cpu servt 0.02
disk servt 0.01
end

task verify_passwd
cpu servt 0.08
disk servt 0.05
end
 

task get_homepage_data
cpu servt 0.07
disk servt 0.02
end

task send_data
cpu servt 0.05
disk servt 0.2
end

task show_home
cpu servt 0.09
disk servt 0.02
end

task show_invalid
cpu servt 0.01
disk servt 0.01
end

task get_course_data
cpu servt 0.05
disk servt 0.07
end

task verify_session
cpu servt 0.09
disk servt 0.07
end

task get_data_db
cpu servt 0.05
disk servt 0.01
end

task send_course_data
cpu servt 0.02
disk servt 0.09
end

task show_course_page
cpu servt 0.06
disk servt 0.02
end

task add_topic
cpu servt 0.05
disk servt 0.01
end

task send_topic_data
cpu servt 0.02
disk servt 0.03
end

task insert_topic_data
cpu servt 0.04
disk servt 0.15
end

task show_topic_page
cpu servt 0.07
disk servt 0.03
end

server web
thread count 5
thread buffer 99999
thread schedP fcfs
task authenticate
task get_homepage_data
task show_home
task show_invalid
task get_course_data
task get_data_db
task show_course_page
task add_topic
task send_topic_data
task show_topic_page
end


server auth
thread count 1
thread buffer 99999
thread schedP fcfs
task verify_session
end

server ldap
thread count 2
thread buffer 99999
thread schedP fcfs
task verify_passwd
end

server database
thread count 4
thread buffer 99999
thread schedP fcfs
task send_data
task send_course_data
task insert_topic_data
end

deploy web machine[1]
deploy auth machine[1]
deploy database machine[2]
deploy ldap machine[3]

deploy machine[1] lan1
deploy machine[2] lan1
deploy machine[3] lan2

scenario Login prob 0.4
	authenticate verify_passwd 200 SYNC
	branch prob 0.2
		verify_passwd show_invalid 128
	end
	branch prob 0.8
		verify_passwd get_homepage_data 128
		get_homepage_data send_data 512 SYNC
		send_data show_home 2048
	end
end

scenario add_topic prob 0.3
	add_topic verify_session 200 SYNC
	branch prob 0.05
		verify_session show_invalid 128
	end
	branch prob 0.95
		verify_session send_topic_data 128
		send_topic_data insert_topic_data 512 SYNC
		insert_topic_data show_topic_page 2048
	end
end

scenario get_course_data prob 0.3
	get_course_data verify_session 200 SYNC
	branch prob 0.05
		verify_session show_invalid 128
	end
	branch prob 0.95
		verify_session get_data_db 128
		get_data_db send_course_data 512 SYNC
		send_course_data show_course_page 2048
	end
end

loadparams
   noofusers    6
   thinktime    exp(1)
end

modelparams
    method analytical
    type closed
end
